So in this chapter we're going to continue customizing these Templi.
We're going to continue with the cart page so you can see the card looks really nice.
I don't think that we can a lot of styling right here.
A lot of customisations we're going to make some is maladjustment.
For example we can change this color right here.
And we went through that so I ran it right here and I bought on to empty the car.
So here's what I'm going to inspect these and when I spoke they said I mean you can see that this is
a Communist message.
So we can style these up and the standard says right here I'm going out with commerce message.
You can use one of these colors.
I think that this one is going to look or work better.
We're going to cut off and paste that color or right here.
And you can see he's looking better now.
Got thing we have the customer match saw in United States looking great.
The section on the bottom that's looking great.
Everything is working fine.
So next we're going to register our field get advance custom fields.
I'm going to have new
and I'm going to metal box in the page on the rules I'm going not display this only on the page.
That is sequel to the what are going feel this case or another Viner.
So for example right here we're going to we're going to display a banner when we are running some special
offers for example use this coupon to receive these discount.
So for example Also you can use that in the visitors you have a special offer in any specific category
or a coupon or something.
So what is going on at Barnard right here.
Let's go to now.
It is going to be an image and what you have read so we can close these and polish so you can see we
have CDs going up and pages and Rachida we're going actually here on the card so you can see in the
bottom we have these banner and we can select the it that we have added previously.
One of the Nike and your products you will find is coupon that Jaipal.
So we're going to save these right here.
And select the match and of the so rhodies nothing is going to change.
We need to bring that banner and we're going to override that function in the next video.